Add Braintree block to the Sales Menu page (#1277)
magento/merchdocs: src/sales/sales-menu.md

The [Transactions]({% link sales/transactions.md %}) page lists all payment activity that has taken place between your store and all payment systems, and provides access to more detailed information.

### Braintree Virtual Terminal

> On the Braintree Virtual Terminal page, the admin can accept the payment for the selected amount. To available the terminal feature customer should configure basic [Braintree settings]({% link payment/braintree.md %}). Braintree offers a fully customizable checkout experience with fraud detection and PayPal integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the Braintree Virtual Terminal page, an Admin user can accept the payment for the selected amount. To make  the terminal feature available, a merchant should configure basic [Braintree settings]({% link payment/braintree.md %}). Braintree offers a fully customizable checkout experience with fraud detection and PayPal integration.
```
